hello to all advertising
I suggest to immediately turn off this video
because it will be about shopping and this
it means that there will be a lot
promotional
well, just too much and so those who
stayed with me let's start the most
the very first thing I want to show you
my new love is my new clutch from
prada
I just can't find the words
how much i like him madly
like this color if you ask
what is my favorite color this
that is my nails and that color
dresses are very close to that color i
I love such nude pastels
shades of a small clutch which includes
all the most necessary car keys
there is a small passport card
branch actually here is the bag itself
the only thing I miss here
it was some little chain
This could hang on the shoulder and
so in general and even without this chain this
the best clutch in the world following
my purchase is very helpful this
anasteish tweezers I showed him in my
video brows he by the way is very suitable
under my today's dress tweezers very
like he melts thousands of rubles from
maximum discount
I won't spare any money on him because
such a purchase that you do well in
five years but I really like to plan
I always try to plan my day with
pm your next day and most
The main rule of time management is
the plan and the plan is not in the head
written on a huge piece of paper
pleasure gives the next
day from the plan strike out those items
who did you manage to do this
there is a feeling
completeness I usually always write
just on a4 sheets but since i
I try to write constantly and feathers somehow
there is more of what you need
write, I decided to buy myself
diary started looking on the internet they
all kind of ugly
ugly ordinary there are wonderful blue
and red is not like me, I would
here is something so special and here
just for me to be and to be straight
Here's an exclusive just looking in
instagram
where you can search for people either by patent
wrote something diary and surf
I found a wonderful girl young mother
which is actually manual
Makes stunningly exclusive
diaries and here is such a lovely she
he flew very gentle to me madly
like it and this one I think what
this he just has no price this is exclusive he
made especially for me he is very
soft it is made of cloth
look how beautifully designed
pages and on a tab like this
wonderful charm I got it
magic wand is everything i write in
this diary comes true and this
the magic wand will be this
contribute
next my love my sneakers new
balance just super I can not on them
admire they are very comfortable and very
stylish
very very very beautiful love very much
I am now a big fan of the beautiful
underwear
if i wear beautiful underwear every
day it adds me confidence
imagine good mood sexuality
just some such positive
emotions are so nice to undress when
I know that you have beautiful lingerie I do not know
can we talk about it or not but here it is
but it is true to me
really like the shop
intimissimi very beautiful underwear
by such average enough normal
prices I bought myself two sets but already
panties will not show this
beautiful bra and so wanted
would say a few words they have a new model
he is pitted conveniently because when
you wear it on yourself you don't notice it anywhere
don't push I still want to show you one
a novelty is such a brush
from philips called weeds just
fantastic design and me so
like it black because
that all the brushes that were me before
whites in general have never seen these
it became a brush out of the box in front of me stood
the question is how to charge it because i don't
I saw charging it there is such a 100
the frame in which she stands on the bathroom
shelves when I read my instructions
imagination was shocked you imagine
this brush is charging from the glass and this
not all this brush has a case for
trips put a brush here and you ask
do you really take this trip with you
the glass is not clearly charging from the case with
using a beaten it is just some kind of miracle
I do not want our time and enjoyed
Perhaps the last thing I'll show you
new plashchik from herbarium and how in Russian
Barbara can't do anything with myself
this is just another love that's all i'm
I wanted to show you and I really like
video of this format
because girls are girls and
because but to whom, if not mine
favorite followers show me your
shopping they tell you thanks
were with me and with you was Sasha
see you in the next video bye-bye